Add Amaral Lab Northwestern NICO 101 course (#8025)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

* [Introduction to Data Science in Python](https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-data-analysis) - Christopher Brooks (Coursera)
* [MIT's Introduction to Computational Thinking and Data Science](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-0002-introduction-to-computational-thinking-and-data-science-fall-2016/) - Eric Grimson, John Guttag, Ana Bell (MIT OpenCourseWare)
* [More Data Mining with Weka MOOC](https://www.cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/mooc/moredataminingwithweka/)

> * [NICO 101 - Introduction to Programming for Big Data](https://github.com/amarallab/Amaral_Lab_Intro_to_Data_Science) (Northwestern University - Amaral Lab)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [NICO 101 - Introduction to Programming for Big Data](https://github.com/amarallab/Amaral_Lab_Intro_to_Data_Science) - Luis Amaral, Helio Tejedor
```

Author: Updated.

* [Learn Python Tutorial](https://www.kaggle.com/learn/python) (Kaggle)
* [Learn to program in Python](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/python)
* [Learn to Program: The Fundamentals](https://www.coursera.org/learn/learn-to-program) (Coursera)

> * [NICO 101 - Introduction to Programming for Big Data](https://github.com/amarallab/Amaral_Lab_Intro_to_Data_Science) (Northwestern University - Amaral Lab)

Author: Updated.
